[IOSP-622] Update DangerRules.md with new SDK rules (#363)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/DangerRules.md

The goal is to suggest them to take extra care in reviewing why we needed those changes in our dependencies and if they were properly justified.

## SDK: Mark changes to any of our SDKs with `#SDK` hashtag

> * Declared in: `danger-ci/sdk.rb`
> * Function: `check_sdk_hashtag`  
> * Type: 🚫 failure

> This rule is to ensure that you **identify with the `#SDK` hashtag any PRs that contain changes to any of our SDKs**.

Author: ```suggestion
This rule is to ensure that you identify **PRs containing changes to any files in our SDKs** by **adding `#SDK` to the PR title**.
```

This applies to any changes done in files in the `SDK/` and `UI SDK/` folders – except for files related to tests.

Note that if the PR is already associated with ticket from one of the SDK board, and thus contains `[SDK-xxx]` or `[SDKS-xxx]`

> in it's title, then `#SDK` is implied and you don't have to add the hashtag explicitly.

Author: ```suggestion
in its title, then `#SDK` is implied and you don't have to add the hashtag explicitly.
```
